the staff if we were not here in the
hypochondria novels studio people
start now but infolab responds
Let's talk a little bit since we
told the screen of the lg g 4 then speak one
camera or at the request of the
helio filipe de oliveira who asked the
our video on the plastic screen
train boxing also looking to elect 4
where else has it been that it is more powerful
has different milk opening than
Any one of them differential to another
yesterday several things there with a
marketing issue he ends up focusing on
enough numbers however example
informs that the lens aperture of the g
4 which is of 18 is greater than f 1 9
of the cats and six of us is the
best mobile camera at the moment
that's a worthwhile thing there
demystify a little because it is the
Next thread in lecce is one thing
relative and is what is the ratio between the
lens focal length and open the lens
absolute diameter of the aperture or
you are with a lens designed by a
smaller sensor is going to look like
it has a very large opening but
sfs even f-18 of g 4 and a camera 35
millimeters and so a hole in the
customers is not from today
the cold and famine also explained to me
that the issue was not through the lens of
professional camera of this size
the milk bank can be great too
but proportionately it will be very
as well as other there will be 4 g
bigger than she's not like that but she's good and
it is also worth mentioning that
a large aperture not necessarily
translate into better quality of
image you will be able to take more pictures
light conditions in dark environments but
also opens the biggest aberration
chromatic this kind of thing
also the difference between 0.1
a faith came to less than half stock
so it 's a little something that's worth it
also coming back on this issue he people
here is enough sensor size
resolution of 16 megapixels exactly
same size of samsung that is crime by
2.2 train in by two is the almost one per
10.3 a bit smaller than the cameras
that there are several other
that the largest census as
those of sony the spiritists or the own
profile of a microsoft bar and nokia
also that issue is that the size of the
sensor matters when your resolution is
somewhat compatible with this size
leaving the individual pixels
get big
in this case he has already tied with
samsung competitions of 1.12 microns
while the apple, for example, has a
smaller sensor by using a resolution
greater minor has people over 1.5
thousand clinicians
so you have to click the apple
more dynamic range but the sensitivity
students kind of things but samsung
proved that you can make a sensor
it will not be too so it's just a
matter of taking this is not what goes
to import more into the g 4 bed that will be
cool
in fact there are two 22 resources
very good
the first one of them is a chroma sensor
which is a sensor that lived spectrum
diplomat of the scene and compares with what
campaign on the essential of the normal camera
to have a better field swing you
It will make a lot of difference, it's one thing.
You have to ensure nowhere and
also entered the stabilization
image stabilization on three axes
which is the first that appears in the
smartphone cameras every 70 in five
axes that the Olympus doing but that is the
first of three smartphones are
presence can imagine that it establishes the
image with sensor going forever low
for there both sides forward to
back
then what is it helps you can take
photos with the longest exposure time without
to erase
so you get rid of it
Worst of all things is to something more
is called optical stabilization as it is
that this compares with what you already have is
a standard lies on two axes
then the third party will be able to leave
you expose the photo for longer
so rubber so you will not have
to use it to Tony when image and
resemblance
finally ueg 4 is also the first
android is that offers photo hall
this is something I had already had
your android lollipop 15.10 that for now
is in the system but this is the first
more creative device and reliability
what it changes you will have much more
edit freedom later will have more
attitude and willingness to change
white balance is so good to
who shoots professionally with
what is a smart thing
strange
if you want then these but you will
have more options then heard
1020 has the environmental options have
this option is either the windows phone
already themes but android we can possible
national geographic photographer and took out
photo with friend cincinnati use
language when exactly the camera is just
copy can be a bored too.
has chances are a borada and goiás and
maybe a little less man happens
maybe a little more of the x-bike than
promised technology that has show of the looks
I think not because in the htc issue
one and dodô athletics that had the texas
notting hill pixel not technologies
new or later launched the pair
with that thing they had not done
by the manufacturers themselves, we did not
the disease did not have a sensor
different in the case of htc and a matrix of
different bay in the case of motorola in
case of LG
he is building on what already
I had 23 that generates a very good camera
already had optical stabilization of the
two rg3 axes also had a
a profile was very good because
We are not in Rio de Janeiro and now
will further improve with the sensor
diploma so it 's something they already
know is only improved over a
base that already exist and have also had the
fortress that comes back but touches them laser
everything else is an active focus that he commands
a sign is a sign shown up to
approximately two meters that can
read and from this distance can almost
that immediately instances than you
want to focus well and hopefully
answered your doubt is the new supposed
piloting old in the sound production of the
movie is more too